- The draft is kind of in a shaky format right now as the text is
  undergoing major terminology changes.

- Will need to fix terminology on later sections after we are done with
  Sec. 2.  So far here are some terminology to (re)consider:

    - We don't remap hops.  We measure hops.  Remap is the process of
      measuring many hops to discover the new path.  To measure a hop we
      send multiple probes in a way similar to Paris traceroute.

    - The hop (interface set) and radius terminology is neat.  Seems to
      fit like a glove in Sec. 4; I went ahead and made some changes
      already.

    - I would like to use $r$, $r^\prime$, $r_c$, and $r_d$ for radii.
      Then we can use $P(t)[r]$ and $h$ for hops.  We can then use
      $P(t)\sharp{}h$ to get the radius of hop $h$ (see how it looks
      like in the conclusion).

- Using 'local remapping' in Secs. 5 and 6 sometimes leads to weird
  phrases like 'local remapping will remap only one [of the two]
  changes'.

- I've taken note of the comments on the figures and will replot them
  later (no power at the university today).

- I think it is important to mention we use Paris traceroute to do
  complete remappings.  This way people know that we are comparing
  against a stablished tool.  This is crucial when we say local
  remapping and complete remapping are identical 99.4% of the time.

- The related work could say that DTrack incorporates DoubleTree's idea
  of reducing redundant probes close to the monitor without the
  drawbacks because it does not assume that the topology is a tree.
  Maybe we can use this to compare DTrack and DoubleTree and bashing
  Tracetree again.

- Christophe asked what happens when a path change happens during
  remapping.  We had only one phrase related to this in Sec. 6.  I added
  a paragraph discussing that inconsistencies caused by path changes
  that happen during remapping are inevitable, happen to both local and
  complete remapping, and are fixed by remapping after detection.

- Darryl and I discussed other day that our version of local remapping
  varies flow-IDs just like MDA, but we do not implement the backtrack
  mechanism that guarantees we have the required number of probes
  through each interface.  This may lead to higher probability of
  missing an interface in a hop, specially if load is not balanced
  evenly across branches (which Brice found to be rare).  The results
  show that our local remaps agree with Paris traceroute (with
  backtrack) 99.4% of the time (Sec. 6).  Darryl said we should make
  this clear, and Sec. 5.2 is probably the place to do so, but I think
  one option is to just skip this:

    - The reader might not understand what the backtrack mechanism does.

    - The probability of having different measurements from our remap
      and MDA is 0.6%, which is well within the statistical margin of
      error.

    - The current number of probes we compute for MDA in the evaluation
      does not consider additional probes sent for backtracking (which
      is desirable, as we don't want to penalize Paris traceroute for
      doing the right thing).

    - It is a limitation of my code.  If we were to implement
      backtracking in local remapping, results would be equivalent:
      errors can't go much lower than 0.6% and probing cost would
      increase for both local remap and MDA (leaving us with similar
      savings).


